The last thing Kae remembers was crawling into a container with Dhara, as they hid from the man who caught them sneaking about in the M level of the Physics building. The container was too small. She could smell the pine scent of Dhara's shampoo. Hear Dhara's deep breaths, punctuated by her quick and shallow ones. Then she felt a rush of tingles, as if every cell of her body vibrated to an ever increasing frequency.


She thought this was probably because it was the first time being so physically close to the girl who haunted her subconscious. Thoughts of Dhara, thoughts of Dhara and her happy together had always been a forbidden sanctuary Kae allows her mind to wander into, in moments of quiet. They would never work out Kae knew that, or at the very least in the past year she's manage the convince herself of it. Dhara's a willow tree and Kae's the tornado; she will just some how manage to fuck things up. Just like she had with every girlfriend she had. Nonetheless the impossibility of them together does not make Kae's heart beat any slower when Dhara's so close.


Before she knew it, Kae felt as if her whole body was a sand castle and some rude kid and just knocked into it. Then everything became blinding light.


Sand was the first thing that came out of Kae's mouth when she woke up. But it was not a beach she was in, when she looked around she finds Dhara lying a few feet away from her unconscious. The daybreak's light illuminates her honey colored legs. She stirs as the sun hits her eyes, and quickly turns to her side shielding her face from the light, her halo of thick frizzy hair captures sand in the turn.


"Dhara!", Kae crawls over. "Are you alright?"


The other girl grumbles, "Why are you always waking me up?! If not with your guests' screams and moans, then it's your improper use of kitchenware."
